*-------------------- AWS --------------------*

    what is amazon?
            - amazon is an american multinatinational conglomerate technology company based in seattle, with 750,000 employees.
              it focuses on e-commerce, cloud computing, digital streaming and artifcial intekkigence.
              it is consider one of the big four tech companies.
            - Amazon was founded by "Jeff Bezos" in bellevue, washington, in july 1994.
              the company initially started as an online marketplace for books but later expanded to sell electronics, software, video games, apparel, furniture, food, toys and jewekery
              
              
    Features of AWS:
             - coud based infrastructure that businesses use for their daily computing needs
             - pay-as-you-go pricing model that allows you to pay only for as long as you use the resource
             - it has hybrid capabilities that allows application to run both on-premises and cloud services
             - flexible, scalable and reliable
             - provides greater security, through data encryption and exceptional hardware
             
             
    Product Pricing:
             - As you plan, launch, and then manage your AWS deployments, keeping costs within your
               organization’s budget is going to demand a lot of your attention. You’ll need to understand
               how AWS bills for each of the services you’re considering, and you’ll need to know how to
               quickly get your hands on accurate pricing information.
               
               
    Monitoring Your Costs:
              - In-depth deployment planning and properly configured budgets are important tools, but
                they’re not enough. Just like smart security professionals will build layers of firewalls, 
                permissions, and physical controls around their application infrastructure, account administrators
                will also watch events from multiple perspectives. Ongoing monitoring is a key part of that
                mix, and that means getting to know Amazon’s Cost Explorer and its cost and usage reports.


               1. Cost Explorer:
                         - Cost Explorer (https://aws.amazon.com/aws-cost-management/aws-cost-explorer)
                           lets you build graphs to visualize your account’s historical and current costs. If you’re in
                           a hurry, you can select one of the preconfigured views provided by the service (including
                           spending over the most recent three months by service).
                           Alternatively, you can launch the Cost Explorer tool to open a heavily customizable view
                           that lets you filter account cost events by date, region, Availability Zone, instance type, 
                           platform (Linux, Windows, and so on), and others. CSV-formatted files based on customized
                           views can also be downloaded.
                           You can save report views to ensure they’ll be quickly available whenever you want to
                           drop in for this particular combination of information.


               2. Cost and Usage Reports:
                        - Cost and usage reports are (right now, at least) accessed from the Reports link on the
                          Billing Dashboard. You can configure reports to be created that include the full range of
                          activity on your account, including what resources you have running and how much they’re
                          costing you. You can control for the level of detail and enable support for Redshift and/or
                          Amazon QuickSight (a managed, pay-per-user business intelligence tool) to handle the visualization 
                          and analysis of what can become significant volumes of data.
                          The reports, once generated at preset intervals, are compressed, saved using the CSV format, 
                          and sent to an S3 bucket you’ve already created. From there, it’s up to you to configure
                          Redshift or QuickSight to access and process the data as it’s generated.


               3. Cost Allocation Tags:
                        - Tags are metadata identification elements representing a resource and its actions. Tags can
                          be used to organize and track your resources, allowing you to visualize and better understand how resources are being used.
                          Just to confuse things, however, AWS offers two distinct kinds of tags that actually have nothing to do with each other.

             
                 Resource tags:
                          - Resource tags are often used in busy accounts to help administrators
                            quickly identify the purpose and owner of a particular running resource. With hundreds of
                            instances, security groups, buckets, and service definitions scattered through your account,
                            being able to instantly understand what each one is supposed to do will make it a lot easier
                            for you to know how you should manage it.
                            
                Cost allocation tags:
                          - Cost tags are only meant to interact with billing tools and won’t
                            show up in the context of any other AWS resource or process. Like resource tags, cost
                            allocation tags help you efficiently identify your resources, but only for the purpose of
                            tracking your account spending.
                            
                            
                            
    Summary:
              The Free Tier offers new accounts a full year of free access to light configurations of most
              AWS services. It’s meant as an opportunity to experiment and learn how your organization’s needs can be met in the cloud. 
              You can track how close you are to “outspending”
              your Free Tier allowance from the Billing Dashboard.
              You can find pricing information online by adding /pricing to the URL of an AWS
              service. aws.amazon.com/s3/, for instance, would become aws.amazon.com/s3/pricing.
              It’s important to understand both the billing rates and the specific metrics used to measure
              them.
              The AWS Simple Monthly Calculator and AWS Total Cost of Ownership Calculator let
              you anticipate real-world usage costs for AWS deployments and (in the case of the TCO calculator) compare your spend with its on-premises equivalent.
