*-------------------- THE CLOUD --------------------*

    Cloud computing gives you ability to do computing in efficient way.
    for e.g. as an administration you can manage IT infra tools and deploy service on the fly by click of mouse button.
    Computing include hardware and software process data.
    
    > Types:
            1. personal / Essential 
            2. time-sharing
            3. grid
            4. distributed
            5. cluster
            
            
    > Cloud Platform Models:
         
            1. Infrastructure as a Service: 
                                           Iaas service offer compute, storage and networking resource on demand on a PAY-AS-YOU-GO basis.
                                           eg. AWS, GCE, AZURE.
                                           
            2. Platform as a Service: 
                                     In paas third-party provider deliver hardware/software tools to users over internet
                                     eg. EBS, Apache, windows Azure
                                     
                                     
            3. Software as a Service:
                                     saas is common delivery model for many bussiness.
                                     eg, web browers, google apps, salesforce
                                     
             4. Database as a Service:
                                     daas is access to a database without requring the setup of hardware/software.
                                     eg. RDS, oracle, NySql, Dynamodb
                                     
                                     
        
        
   > Scalability and Elasticity:
               
             scalability: ability to increase and decrease IT resources as needed to meet changing demand
             
             elasticity: acquire resources as you need them and release resources when you no longer need the, 
   
                                     
                                     
                                 
            
